Hello dear friends today wanted
Would make a video review of toys from the series
talking and and today we will do
video review on the volume
and
well let's get the volume out of the box
and see what he can do go
here and so, without a box, our Tom looks like
here in it on the cup turn on off
and here you are changing in to the river
so let's see what he can
do this tom repetition that is, he is all
after you repeat now turn on off
click here on the button
all now he will repeat everything that
you speak in a voice like this app
here's another light is on for now
the light bulb is red it is on for now
the light is on it will be yours
do not repeat each time
push that bank after hi me
name is subscribe to our channel
there are three sensitive on his body
the points here are shown on the box
this is head belly and leg
actually everything is as in the application here if
we will hit on the head
that is, as in the application it falls in
stars fly him then he
swears here without if we stroke
tummy, then he, too , he purrs and if
leg but leg if it is tickled from the world
laughs or is reimbursed like this
she is our mustache talking tom well here
Generally and all dear friends
subscribe to our channel also
look at our channel video review about
genie as we have tolkien band we
don't miss it with them right away
video to new meetings bye bye
until